20,Startupper and tech guy by day  e-engineer by night
1,Accomplished PHP developer specialising in object-orientated software development accredited with multiple rewards and software engineering certifications. A self-motivated  ambitious and focused Computer Science student  who likes to try out new challenges and solves complex problems with ability to rapidly acquire new skills. Always punctual and reliable person with empathetic attitude towards others. Versatile  hands-on developer with great passion for IT; everyday exploring new techniques and expanding skills in computing. Worked with a team on a various large software projects  with recognisable companies on the market i.e. GlaxoSmithKline  and various medical institutes supported by NHS (UK) and PCN (US). After work passionate indie mobile application developer with intermediate knowledge of iOS software development holding multiple mobile application projects on his account. Zend PHP Certified Engineer Zend Framework Certified Engineer Oracle Certified Associate in MySQL 5 (Currently pursuing CPA - C++ Certified Associate Programmer - certification path) Receiver of The Lord Mayor of London Scholarship for Academic Excellence in 2014 The Lord Mayor of London Scholarship for Academic Excellence in 2015 Fluently communicates in two languages English and Polish.
4,My main interest is data analysis and what can we learn from it. I have developed several Open Source tools  mostly focused on Linked Data and visualizations. My expertise ranges from social network analysis  web mining  databases and semantic web. I earned a PhD in Cognitive Science from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute; my thesis was related to visualizations for Open Government Data.
16,Database design for transactional and information systems  web application development  software testing and maintenance. Particularly interested in design patterns in programming  JavaScript  and server-side technologies such as PHP  Ruby on Rails  and Django.
99,I`m a developer who has passion for Mobile Technologies (Android  Windows8  Windows Phone an HTML5)  I`m currently aspire to create great apps which is fun to use
20,Co-founder and CTO of Koprol  Indonesia's fastest growing location based social network. Experienced in building high scalable and high performance web applications. Practices agile software development; eXtreme Programming (XP) and Scrum. Specialties • System architecture • Web and mobile development • Agile software development
8,Technology  mobile and media oriented senior executive  co-founder of $350m company with several successful exits  proven exerciser of senior positions  multiple award winner equipped with a commanding track record bringing visionary leadership  sound judgment and a strong perspective of sustainability and success to a variety of enterprises. Great versatility dealing with diverse projects and business cultures  and significant experience working with key stakeholders. Providing independent advice to boards and executive management teams. Ability to liaise effectively with different audiences. Sound judgment  impartiality  credibility and integrity. Exceptional networking/communication skills.
2,With experience in Marketing and Information Technology  I'm a software developer and amateur marathoner living in Porto Alegre  RS. Passionate about being a full-stack developer  I'm currently studying the Data Science field to merge my Marketing/IT knowledge. 􏰝􏰗􏰁􏰃􏰇􏰈􏰉􏰘􏰇􏰃􏰔􏰄􏰇􏰢􏰁􏰗􏰎􏰃􏰐􏰇􏰋􏰇􏰕􏰁􏰆􏰢􏰔􏰋􏰏􏰐􏰇􏰆􏰔􏰍􏰇􏰂􏰋􏰃􏰇􏰶 When I'm not behind a keyboard you can find me running  cycling or at the gym. As a huge fan of any kind of sports  I have already run two Marathons (distance runs with 42km) and some more Half-Marathons since 2012. My reading list http//www.shelfari.com/brunoflores
1,Mes technologies favoties * Programmation - Java - Php - ruby * Reporting - JasperReports - Birt * Intégration de données - Talend - JBoss Teiid * Portail décisionnel - SpagoBI - JasperServer * Big data - Hadoop  Hive  Pig  Spark
4,Senior Server-Side Software Engineer with 15+ years of experience. Passionate about simplicity  scalability  performance  and high quality  maintainable code - all of which benefit companies for many years. Implementing these attributes in all of my work allows for complete focus on driving the company forward rather than spending time and effort rewriting existing systems year after year. Currently  my top interests are Clojure  Machine Learning  and Startups. However  I'm always on the lookout for the next opportunity where I can apply my experience  education  and talents in a fast paced and challenging environment. Specialties Java  Clojure  C++  APIs  Simplicity  Performance  Lisp  Spring  Dependency Injection  Functional Programming  RDF  Semantic Web  Software Architecture  Software Engineering  Machine Learning  Artificial Intelligence  REST  Web Services
1,Software Engineer graduated at University of Sao Paulo  currently working on mobile  cloud and telecom.
36,SpecialtiesSAP - ABAP Oracle PL/SQL Java
8,Enjoy what I do.
8,Hard working  dedicated and passionate. I enjoy helping people and I love working with technology. I love it when I can do both at the same time.SpecialtiesTechnical support  computer repair  Windows Desktop/Server  Office  CentOS/RHEL
24,I am a highly motivated Business Intelligence professional with a strong background in finance. As well as being a collaborative and strategic thinker  I have extensive experience in designing  analyzing and improving process  managing multiple projects and leading teams of professionals. My areas of technical expertise include data warehouse architecture  data modeling  data analysis  data visualization  business intelligence design and project management - utilizing languages and solutions such as • Microsoft SQL Server including SSIS  SSAS and SSRS • Tableau • PostgreSQL • Python As well as being a BI professional  I am also a software engineer who has written many desktop and web applications both small and large using Node.js and Python. Additionally  I am currently an author for Node.js leader StrongLoop  writing articles covering community contributed connectors for LoopBack.
1,25 + Years IT experience  primarily in Financial Services  10 + years Management Consulting experience  Global Project Management  extensive expertise in data management and data integration technologies particularly in support of Finance Process and Customer ManagementSpecialtiesData Architecture  SOA  Middleware  Data Warehouse  MIS  Management Reporting  High Volume Database Design  Metadata Management  High Volume ETL  Data Integration  Technology Architecture  Business Process Design  Financial Services  Data Governance
48,@gogodanae ---- Danae Ringelmann co-founded Indiegogo in 2007 with a mission to democratize fundraising and has since helped to propel the company into the world’s largest crowdfunding platform. Today  Danae leads Indiegogo's industry development efforts  while steering the company’s employee culture and values initiatives. Danae was listed as one of Fortune Magazine's 40 under 40  as well as SF Business Times' 40 under 40 in 2014. ELLE Magazine named Danae to its Woman in Tech Power List in 2014; while Fast Company included her in its Top 50 Women Innovators in Technology in 2011. Awards include Watermark's "Woman Who's Made Her Mark" in 2014  and AWNY's No Apologies" Changemaker award in 2013. Danae frequently speaks at conferences around the world  including Web Summit  TEDx  SXSW and CeBIT. Danae also testified before the House Small Business Subcommittee on Investigations  Oversight and Regulations on “Financing America's Small Businesses Innovative Ideas for Raising Capital” in June 2013. Prior to Indiegogo  Danae was a Securities Analyst at Cowen & Co. where she covered entertainment companies including Pixar  Lions Gate  Disney  and Electronic Arts. Danae also focused on cable network  NFL  newspaper and hedge fund clientele while at JPMorgan's Investment Bank and Private Bank. In the wake of 9/11  Danae co-produced a concert reading of Incident at Vichy  an Arthur Miller play addressing the politically charged topic of racial profiling. Danae is a CFA charterholder and holds an MBA from the Haas School of Business at UC Berkeley. Danae graduated with a B.A. in Humanities from UNC-Chapel Hill  where she was a Morehead Scholar and varsity rower.
8,Ingeniero en Informática  autodidacta  interesado en aprender nuevas tecnologías y metodologías para el desarrollo de Software  en particular aquellas relacionadas con el desarrollo Web
11,experienced in development of web/system applications using Python  Open Source Technologies.
14,I'm a Software Engineer with 10 years’ experience in web application development. I have participated in projects for a wide variety of business units in the e-commerce and oil & gas industries. Excellent communicational skills and a team player  keen to try out new technologies and solve challenging problems. Advance knowledge of all phases of the SDLC  through experience in cross-functional teams of developers and clients.
9,Ruby engineer with a strong product and business focus. I specialise in the following technologies Ruby  Rails  Git  RSpec  Golang  jQuery  PostgreSQL  MySQL  Memcached  NodeJS  AngularJS  Appcelerator Alloy & Titanium  PhoneGap  Redis  HTML  CSS  Jenkins  Grunt
3,My current role at IBM entails solution design and technical pre-sales support responsibility for IBM public cloud IaaS platform SoftLayer   SAP cloud services  cloud security  management  monitoring and IBM managed Openstack solutions. I am responsible for supporting sales teams and advising enterprise customers on the design of flexible  supportable cloud solutions utilising the many different technology offerings across the IBM portfolio and partner ecosystem. Cloud business is a fast moving field and no single company including IBM have a complete portfolio to fill all industry and technology niches. Significant amount of my time is spend growing and developing IBM cloud partner ecosystem by assisting partners on solution design and integration to our platform. Sometimes also giving decision makers business advice based on real customer needs I see in my discussions with the potential end users. From this position between the partner ecosystem and IBM enterprise clients  I have also taken a role of a facilitator who initiates the connection between potential partner and the client creating win-win situations to all parties involved. If you want to know more or are interested in getting in touch Connect with me on https//www.linkedin.com/in/kimmohintikka Follow me on https//twitter.com/kimmohintikka Plus me https//plus.google.com/+KimmoHintikka/posts Fork my stuff at https//github.com/HintikkaKimmo Drop me a mail on kimmo.hintikka@ie.ibm.com or at hintikkakimmo@gmail.com
2,Currently working as a Program Manager with defining and prioritizing programs and their projects. I create requirements for my projects and work with developers on the best architecture to meet business needs. I work to control scope for those projects to ensure schedules are kept. My work often finds me in a Product Manager role where I am exploring new options and designing new features for our product. I have experience creating continuous deployment strategies and designing overall software develop lifecycle. Have experience designing SDLC processes as well as writing tools and automations to support those processes. I have significant software engineering experience primarily in C/C++ but also Java  Ruby and Python. I love learning and am constantly looking for new opportunities to learn and improve my own abilities. Full Resume can be seen here https//app.box.com/jaredmillerresume Specialties Managing Multiple Programs in parallel Product Design and prioritization System Design Continuous Deployment/Integration Release Management Software Development Lifecycle Agile development/management Software Development Product Listing Ads Customer Service Management
2,I am a technology specialist with over 20 years of experience. I specialise in technology solutions strategy  planning and implementation. My experience stems from a deep understanding of complex transactional systems for finance and e-commerce. I have worked with and led a number of multidisciplinary teams that have taken a business problem from an idea to user experience design  and finally through to build and delivery. I am also a keen advocate and practitioner of developing young minds for the IT world. I have a passion for mentoring and developing tech talent. In 2006  I founded the New Zealand Summer of Tech internship programme. The programme is currently the lead graduate acceleration programme for young IT professionals in New Zealand. Skills & capabilities Business and management expertise - Technology audits  strategy and roadmapping - Team and staff management - Project management - Product management - Resource and budgetary management and planning Technical expertise - Scalable web infrastructure design - Technology research and analysis - Web performance optimisation - Search Engine Optimisation (SEO) reviews and strategy - Geospatial technology solutions - Big data management
2,http//github.com/Jonovono
2,Web Application Developer in a wide variety of business applications. Particularly interested in creating and modeling enterpriser level web applicationSpecialtiesPHP5  MySQL  HTML  JavaScript  usability  CSS  Symfony  Test Driven Development  Good Concept in OOD
1,Joseph is XiNG Digital Co-director and Cleanleap founder  renewable energy enthusiast and veteran web developer with over 10 years experience in developing web applications. Joseph was a senior developer on the climate change solution site Decarboni.se and built many of the front-end interfaces for the site.
1,After graduating Jorge went on to work at a Software Company that offered him many challenges  but mostly made him understand that Development requires commitment and constant learning. When he arrived to Crowd Interactive  he was one of the first Engineers to be trained in Ruby on Rails  dedicating 100% of his time in projects that were related specifically to that technology. He joined the ModCloth Team  in which he was noticed by his Team as a great problem solver and a person who Got Things Done. Jorge has also participated in many Crowd Interactive internal projects. During this phase  he trained many other Engineers  and confirmed his Leadership skills. Nowadays  Jorge Pardiñas is a very experienced Web Developer  that can take one problem and will not rest until he finds a solution for it.SpecialtiesRuby  Rails  HTML5  CSS3  Javascript  HAML  SASS  Design Patterns  Object Oriented Design
48,SpecialtiesFull stack web development using Ruby On Rails. Agile software development process using XP.
1,I began as a designer and honed my developer skills to make my designs interactive and functional. I play mostly in the front-end of web development  but am never ill-equipped to accomplish any goal from start to finish. I thrive in a remote-optional/studio environment and have a self-tasking motivation to bring results-driven value to any scenario. I am a creative individual with a keen eye for out-of-the-box solutions. I am often a leader for execution and organization of new initiatives. Recently I've come to love AngularJS and SASS. Specialties HTML5  CSS3  CoffeeScript  AngularJS  JavaScript  jQuery  XSL  Symphony-CMS  Flash  PHP  HTML  XHTML  CSS  JavaScript  ActionScript  MySQL  AJAX  Layout design  Print design  Logo design
188,Currently In parallel research spike / rapid build-out phase of production-ready  distributed & heterogeneous compute backed MVP real-time analytics solution for social data streams. First target Sentiment. Currently touching PredictionIO  Torch (nn/dp)  Vowpal Wabbit  Spark (MLLib)  caffe  word2vec  deeplearning4j Considering BIDMach Want to get my hands on map-D Formerly Lead & senior developer on a scalable  fault-tolerant integration project handling large volumes of social data; Linking Radian6  Social Networks (Facebook/Twitter) & Salesforce.com Software Craftsman & Engineer; with an emphasis on clean  maintainable code  driven by principles drawn from XP  Agile & Lean thinking. Top graduate in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Cognitive Systems. Focal topics statistical machine learning  natural language processing  unsupervised learning  speech recognition  game AI Radian6er  started in Fredericton office. Specialties Technical Languages Scala  Python  Java  C/C++  Javascript  Lua  Ruby  MATLAB Machine learning algorithms Logistic Regression  Linear Regression  SVM  PCA  K-means  Online Learning  Convolutional Neural Networks  Deep Neural Networks Databases/Data Stores MySQL  MongoDB  Redis APIs Twitter  Facebook  Salesforce.com  Radian6 Libraries/Frameworks/Other REST/JSON  CUDA  OpenCL  ActiveMQ  Ant  Ivy  JUnit  Jenkins  OAuth Operating Systems *nix (Linux  OS X)  Windows Organizational/Methodological Experienced Scrum Master. Kanban  Scrum  Agile  Lean  Adaptive Development Methodology
1,Lisandro is Bachelor of Systems  systems analyst and IT technician graduated. I'm focus on developing innovating IT solutions  working in team and suggesting innovative solutions. I'm interested in cooperating and implementing my skills in entrepreneurial projects about IT infrastructure implementation and software development. Skills #OS Linux (Debian & Arch based)  Windows. #Infrastructure Networking (TCP/IP  routers  networks design  firewall  wireless). PC maintenance  installing and help desk. #Development technologies + Web Java/JavaScript  Meteor  Leaflet  Vaadin  PHP + Mobile Android + Tools Bash  Drools  Hibernate  Jasper Reports  Crystal Reports  Spring  Jenkins  JIRA  Git. + Others C++  C  Pascal  Delphi  #DB SQL  DB2  HQL  MSSQL  MySQL  MongoDB. #ITSecurity Penetration test #Telcos/Telephony  Lync  WebRTC #QCAutomation Selenium Web Driver  TestNG  Sahi  jBehave  Protractor  Appium
34,Specialtiese-commerce  webshops  magento  hosting  affiliates  psp's  seo  sea  conversie optimalisatie  adwords  analytics
1,Software development manager and technical leader at Motorola Solutions  Israel. With over 12 years of experience and a proven track record of leading  architecting and delivering reliable and scalable systems in a variety of areas  such as financial systems  communication  network management and security. I have vast knowledge in Microsoft technologies stack  object-oriented design  and methodologies in multi-disciplinary software development.
8,Gautam Anand is a software engineer with a background on applied machine learning and 3 years solid programming experience. He started his early career as a software development intern in Solar Energy Research Institute of Singapore (SERIS) in 2012  building the first front-end components of XSolar-Hetero (Web based solar cell device simulation platform). In 2013  he continued remotely contributing as a freelancer to the XSolar-Hetero project. 2014 he quit the project in order to become software development engineer for a start-up company in Singapore. Since August 2014  he re-joined SERIS as Research Engineer  dedicated to the development of the XSolar-Hetero platform and launch across solar research community. He received his B.Tech (Hons) in computer science & engineering in 2013. His research interests are dimensionality reduction methods  machine learning applications and dynamic web systems. Some other interests includes algorithms and data structures. He is efficient in fast prototyping and production level development using javascript technologies such as backbone & node (express). He also has contributed code in visualization components using rapahel.js. Other technologies that he is familiar with are grunt  mocha  chai  sinon  mongodb  redis  mathematica & python.
9,Database Administrator  and Project Manager in a wide variety of systems and databases. Interested in challenges and innovation.SpecialtiesOracle Databases  Unix  Linux  IBM  DB2  SQLServer  Java  J2EE  SOA  Webservices. Oracle Technology Support Champion; Oracle Database 11g Sales Champion; Oracle Database 11g PreSales Champion;
61,- Well versed with concepts of application designing  coding and testing. - Deep Packet Inspection of Application Layer protocols. - Worked in the products meant for Network Surveillance  Network and Local Print Monitors. - Work involved reverse engineering and implementation of various application layer protocols for their support in the network surveillance system. - Have done analysis  designing  development and testing of Voice Over IP  Video over IP and chat based protocols  print monitoring solutions. - Have knowledge of protocols like SNMP  MIB  TCP  IP  UDP  SIP  RTP  H323  etc. - Have worked upon identification  decoding and streaming of Audio using LiveMedia library. - Have knowledge of encoded video/audio data transmission over RTP. - Have done analysis of protocols using WireShark (Ethereal). - Experience in VC++  C#  .Net
3,I am a very ambitious  motivated and hard working person. I have been passionate about computers since I was little  but only in college I discovered more possibilities in this domain. I also like photography and it has been my hobby for more than five years.
7,Michael is an accomplished and seasoned IT professional with deep roots in both software development and hardware systems administration. His software development career began in the late eighties with writing DOS programs that interfaced with hardware plugged into serial ports and that sparked his keen interest in pursuing an understanding of how computers worked all the way down to the circuit level. Michael has parlayed his passion for technology into a long and varied career of tackling challenging problems in various fields from manufacturing to hospitality to medical research and billing and finance. Today  he continues to be deeply hands-on in software development and hardware provisioning while successfully leading technical teams and translating technical concepts into working solutions as well as explaining in common language  enabling business executives to fully understand the technology and solutions being implemented to solve the ever changing needs of the business. Cybrains  Inc. was established in 2001 during a time when the dot com bubble burst and made it difficult to find full-time employment in the IT field. Michael's expertise has allowed him to consistently acquire and keep clients during even the worst of economic times. Cybrains' history has been a storied one with periods of intense activity to periods of dormancy as Michael has been repeatedly recruited to join the firms of his various clients to head up their IT shops. Michael has decided to only pursue Cybrains full-time as he feels he has much to offer not only to his clients  but to those who would come to work for Cybrains.
7,Nate Nash is an innovative technologist who specializes building commercial products for people who are otherwise drowning in a sea of data.
13,Data Addict Data Scientist at Data Developed LLC Previously at Simple Energy  Rich Relevance and Precog Kaggle Competitor (made it to 115th in 2012  making my way back up the ranks again) Academics Stand Against Poverty (contributed to a project assessing the efficacy of malarial drugs in order to create a ratings system for pharmaceutical companies to provide and incentive for to alleviate global health burdens and analyzed Kiva microfinance loans in order to better understand how people think about distributing aid). Specialties Will always be a philosopher at heart questioning premises  looking for externalities argumentation  logic  probability (at least Carnegie Mellon's version of a philosopher )
13,Data Addict Data Scientist at Data Developed LLC Previously at Simple Energy  Rich Relevance and Precog Kaggle Competitor (made it to 115th in 2012  making my way back up the ranks again) Academics Stand Against Poverty (contributed to a project assessing the efficacy of malarial drugs in order to create a ratings system for pharmaceutical companies to provide and incentive for to alleviate global health burdens and analyzed Kiva microfinance loans in order to better understand how people think about distributing aid). Specialties Will always be a philosopher at heart questioning premises  looking for externalities argumentation  logic  probability (at least Carnegie Mellon's version of a philosopher )
2,SpecialtiesSolution Architect in IT Solutions Big Data Architect
74,Web application development and maintenance using LAMP or LAPP. High-availability network construction  because todays websites are required high quality network capacity and availability. Small development team management (less than 10 people). Web application security analyze using analyzing tools and static code analyze (Most of PHP  some Perl  Java).SpecialtiesLinux  PHP  Apache  Varnish  MySQL  PostgreSQL  Magento  Web application security analyze
4,Profesional integral  con grandes capacidades de adaptarse a los cambios  y con ganas de compartir experiencia.
45,PROGRAMMING • Advanced knowledge of Java  C  Perl  HTML • Good knowledge of C++  C#  Python  PigLatin • Basics of PHP  jQuery  JavaScript  CSS  Matlab • GitHub Link https//github.com/puneetsl SKILLS • Advanced algorithms and data structures • I love doing Data Science  Machine Learning  Information Retrieval and Sentiment Analysis • Operating systems Mac OS  Linux • IDE Eclipse  Sublime  Xcode • Distributed computing Apache Hadoop  Apache Pig (Basic knowledge of MongoDB) UNIVERSITY PROJECTS • Inferring gender of a Twitter user using celebrities it follows (Java  Perl  Google API  Apache Pig  LIBSVM  Rapidminer) • Quena- An automatic question answering system (Java  Apache Solr  Stanford NER  Stanford POS tagger  web crawler) • Clustering of songs files according to mood derived from signals and lyrics (Matlab  Perl  C#) • English to Hindi Translation and Transliteration (C  Gambas) [Natural Language Processing] • PSLFS – Virtual File system  based on the K-Ary Data Structure with a Command Line Interface (C) • Amazon Dynamo algorithm- replicated key-value storage (Distributed systems  Java) PERSONAL PROJECTS • Co-founded Gridbits  a services and products company that makes Android  iOS and web applications. Hyroo.in is the first product that helps the costumers rent cars online in India. • Tweetiments.com - Sentiment Analysis of Twitter data (Perl  PHP) • HappyOrSad - Perl script to know mood of text and lyrics (https//github.com/puneetsl/HappyOrSad) • ShortCleaner - A JAVA library to clean tweets for consuming it for various kinds of analytics. • jTextBrew - A JAVA library for fuzzy string matching  based on TextBrew algorithm by Chris Brew. INTRESTS • Time Series Analysis • Music Information Retrieval • Sentiment Analysis • Web Data mining • Social Network Data Mining Contact "pludu [at] buffalo.edu"
3,• 4 full cycles of Business Intelligence and Enterprise Data Warehouse implementations for Fortune 500 companies  participating in full spectrum from business analysis through the executions. • Strong knowledge & expertise in Business Intelligence tools such as SAP Business Objects (XI platform)  MicroStrategy  Oracle Hyperion products as well as good exposure to ETL tools/methodologies using Informatica  Oracle(ODI  OWB) Product Suite. • In depth knowledge of Business Objects architecture especially BO XI R2/3.1 architecture. • Well versed with Informatica architecture in terms of SOA architecture and client–tools like Informatica Designer  Workflow Manager  Workflow Monitor  Repository Manager and Administration console. • Strong in PL/SQL scripting  can write complex queries  procedures and packages. • Highly qualified and experienced on ETL processes and can deliver highly complex transformations in any of the ETL tools mentioned. Quick turnaround on ETL coding with the highest throughput possible. • An Expert in Data Modelling  modeling techniques like Kimball/Inmon Methodology and Cube designing (For Essbase  PALO). Have been wearing multiple hats of Business Analyst  Data Modeller as well as Developer for ETL or Reports. End to End delivery of project. • A self-started and solid team player with great interpersonal  client management and presentation skills. • Functional knowledge of different businesses such as Finance  Retail  Energy and Hi-Tech.Specialties# Hadoop # Universe Designer XI 3.1 # Informatica PowerCenter 7.X/8.X # BO Xcelcius. # ERWIN # MicroStrategy/ BO Xcelcius # Hyperion 11.1.1.3 # Oracle Data Integrator 10.1.3.5 # WEBI XI 3.1 # Oracle 9i/10g (strong PL/SQL skills) # Pentaho Kettle and Palo (Open Source) # Oracle Warehouse Builder 10g Release 2
8,10+ years of experience in building high quality video streaming/consumer electronic products Specialties Android / Embedded Linux hacking CE software system design Adaptive video streaming technologies Fragmented MP4  H.264/265  TS  AAC AC3 DTS Networking driver optimization for WIFI/Ethernet Digital Right Management (DRM) PlayReady Webkit core  javascript core engine optimization for HTML5 RESTFUL Web API implementation for streaming/cloud services Dynamic web UI system design / UI BOOT Management Technical Partnership Engagement Engineering Management ODM production/manufacturing Management
4,I'm a hands-on software engineering manager with experience building scalable web applications.
3,Experienced Senior Software Engineer and Team Leader. Have strong UNIX/Windows knowledge. Skilled with distributed sytems and web based systems. Interested in mathematics  AI  genetical algorithms  low level progamming. email robert.bochenski@gmail.comSpecialtiesC/C++  perl/perlXS  MySQL  UML  python  JavaScript (jQuery  MooTools) UNIX systems (Linux/FreeBSD)  Windows platforms CVS  SVN English good TeamWork knowledge Easy adaptation Fast learning Certificates MySQL Certified Developer Courses MySQL Database Optimization
172,Master student in Chemical Engineering. Owner at Arca Websolutions. Specialized in CakePHP development for websites and web applications.
12,My goal is to work in New Mexico or Austin  TX For over 10 years I've been doing applied research in the areas of data mining  natural language processing and machine learning.Specialtiesapplying statistical and AI algorithms on a variety of problems programming skills with PHP and MySQL  Adobe Flex  and Python. Taught university courses in Java and C.
3,Technical Lead with strong web development background. I have more than 7 years of experience on web technologies. I chalk out sprint goals along with product owner and find out task dependency. I distribute tasks  clarify product requirements and monitor team velocity as well. I do release plan  semantic versioning  and tag branches accordingly. I had been working as a team leader of a development team that implements Drupal based system for large community website Nokia Betalabs. Apart from regular web application  recently I have set up a web application architecture considering BigData using MongoDB and Silex. I also simulated my heuristic algorithm on a sub graph of facebook network from stanford large network dataset collection during my thesis work. In a nutshell  I am skilled in scrum practices  programming and requirement analysis. I love to design the structure/architecture of application by properly using design patterns. I usually focus on aesthetic UI  proper management of time and prioritize tasks along with the team to achieve objectives. I am a practitioner of both scrum and kanban methodology for development phase and maintenance phase respectively. Specialties Scrum  Community websites  Drupal  Silex  Symfony  Mongo  MySQL tuning.
1,A highly skilled  productive and motivated Senior Software Development professional with an extremely successful track record in designing  developing and applying core Java/J2EE and mobile(Android/IOS) applications. Exceptionally technically astute with a strong knowledge of Object Oriented concepts. Consistent and organized with experience in Agile techniques (SCRUM  TDD)  application production environment support  trouble shooting  complete project life cycle  Mobile Application Development  Web Application Development  and overall Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC). Outstanding communication and collaborations skills  results oriented and dedicated. A fast learner  adaptable and independent with outstanding analytical and design skills. Adept at solving highly complex problems.
5,World is free so is software should be  this is my dream  working towards the open source technology that helps people to realize their real potential  easily get into market increase ROI and free from vendor lock in...be the part of it before this gets too late
2,At my core  I am a builder. I get satisfaction from hitting F5 and seeing my css fall perfectly in line. It's the same satisfaction I get from seeing all of my tests pass or implementing that new amazing feature our site was missing. Lately  the first thing I think about after writing a line of code is.. "How well will this scale?". My recent experience has focused me on things like pushing tasks to background jobs  caching everything possible  and finding the next place to cut that 250ms off our response times. In non tech areas  I love movies  tv and cars. I’m actively seeking new career opportunities in the bay area or a remote position. If you think I'd be a good fit with your team  contact me and let's chat!
158,Interested in BigData and cutting edge web technologies
2,After graduating with a B.S. in Biomedical Computation from Stanford University in 2008  I was employed at the University of California in San Francisco as a clinician  engineer and data scientist in a neuroscience laboratory studying psychosis in young adults. Afterwards  I completed two years of medical school at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York. While there  I was able to work with physician-scientists on a variety of interesting problems  including the development of novel analyses correlating genomic data related to the pathophysiology of depression with the efficacy of available pharmacological treatments. I am most interested in dynamical systems  theoretical and synthetic biology  and how this data can ultimately improve every-day clinical practice. I’ve gained a strong foundation in medicine  laboratory procedures  mathematical modeling  algorithms  and making square pegs fit into round holes.
2,After graduating with a B.S. in Biomedical Computation from Stanford University in 2008  I was employed at the University of California in San Francisco as a clinician  engineer and data scientist in a neuroscience laboratory studying psychosis in young adults. Afterwards  I completed two years of medical school at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York. While there  I was able to work with physician-scientists on a variety of interesting problems  including the development of novel analyses correlating genomic data related to the pathophysiology of depression with the efficacy of available pharmacological treatments. I am most interested in dynamical systems  theoretical and synthetic biology  and how this data can ultimately improve every-day clinical practice. I’ve gained a strong foundation in medicine  laboratory procedures  mathematical modeling  algorithms  and making square pegs fit into round holes.
7,I'm a full stack web developer  with a great passion for the open source ecosystem. PHP  Javascript  HTML and CSS are my preferred programming languages. At this time Laravel is my first choice for the server side development and AngularJS for the front-end. I'm comfortable with the most popular CMS like Wordpress or Joomla and I prefer Magento as e-commerce platform. I use my web development skills also to develop mobile hybrid applications using Titanium Appcelerator  Ionic Framework and Cordova.
2,- Writes code https//github.com/shekhargulati - Speaks at conferences http//www.slideshare.net/shekhargulati - Blogger http//www.shekhargulati.com/
160,I provide efficient solutions to real-world problems. I use bleeding edge software for my personal projects and infrastructure  which enables me to keep up with emerging technologies. I often promote these technologies if I feel they will improve productivity  performance  and/or developer happiness. I love open source. I thrive in any work environment that encourages innovation and collaboration. I have experience working with Fortune 500 companies (Amazon) as well as startups (Transmetrics).
12,Tech enthusiast  excited about opportunities  that internet and modern technologies offer.
102,10+ years experience on software program management in the Internet business. 5+ years on research Recommender System  Learning to Rank  Natural Language Processing and Information Retrieval. 4+ years experience on e-Commerce solutions and business logic.
3,Major open source geek. Contributor to open source technologies. Owner and maintainer of NASA's ruby gem (unofficial NASA project)SpecialtiesWeb Development  HTMl  CSS  Ruby  Rails
62,Product Management and technology professional with 15 years of experience in product strategy and execution for Enterprise Software  B2C  B2B and SaaS industries. Firms ranged from early stage startups to Fortune 500 software companies. A leader and creative thinker with proven success in aligning product strategy with company vision  translating market requirements and user circumstances into valuable products with multi-million dollar revenues  and effectively reducing friction between business and technical domains. Avid technologist with hands-on experience building enterprise and consumer software applications.
160,I provide efficient solutions to real-world problems. I use bleeding edge software for my personal projects and infrastructure  which enables me to keep up with emerging technologies. I often promote these technologies if I feel they will improve productivity  performance  and/or developer happiness. I love open source. I thrive in any work environment that encourages innovation and collaboration. I have experience working with Fortune 500 companies (Amazon) as well as startups (Transmetrics).
4,I'm a Ph.D candidate at Macquarie University and CMCRC. My research topic is evaluating the topical collocation models and implementing the parallel version of point-wise Gibbs Sampler for Adaptor Grammars as Topical collocation model. The application projects are Sentiment Analysis and Finance Text (e.g. News) Understanding that involve analyzing the financial text data using data mining or machine learning techniques.
13,Polyglot Software Engineer. Interested in functional and concurrent programming. http//www.alexgarella.com Skills Programming Languages Java  Scala  Haskell  JavaScript Frameworks / APIs Akka  Spring  JAX-RS  AngularJS  Protractor  FitNesse  WebSphere Tools AWS  IntelliJ  Eclipse  RSA  Git  Jenkins OSes Linux  Mac OS X  Windows Languages EN  FR  IT  NL  DE  PL  RU
1,Arun has 12 years of in-depth experience in IT industry and have been specialising as an Open Source and Commercial Java technologies consultant in UK for last 10 years for various business from Telco  Media  Energy  Public sector and Government and ECommerce sectors. Having started the IT career as Java developer  he developed his technical knowledge and project management skills through challenging projects involving ECM  SOA  EAI and JavaEE technologies and performing different roles from developer to solution designer and technical lead in guiding the team through full application development life cycle. He is having hands on experience in leading and implementing Alfresco based ECM solutions  Liferay portal  Java  J2EE and Object oriented Architecture based projects. Through his experience  he had developed a pragmatic and analytical approach in developing long term sustainable solutions by balancing IT's enterprise architecture needs  the implementing team's continuous delivery pressure and strategic objectives of the business. He is an Agile methodology enthusiast and practising agile for 5 years and an avid evangelist of open source technologies and standards. He worked as a designer and led teams on small to large content oriented web applications involving Alfresco (Open source ECM technology) and migration of content platform and content from legacy systems and Commercial content platforms(e.g Documentum)  bespoke workflow and process implementation using Activiti and JBPM. He is experienced in providing solutions to new and existing legacy content management systems and Enterprise level portal web applications through outstanding infrastructure and capacity planning of web based system  enterprise level application backup and restore process and providing High level design and detailed low level design of the solutions.Specialties• Strong technical leadership and inter-personal and communication skills to manage and deliver projects from conceptual to actual project delivery. • Open source integration projects related to Alfresco ECM  Liferay portal  JBoss  Glassfish and Glassfish ESB  Mule ESB  SOA  JBPM  Atlassian and Jenkins  Apache solr and Lucene Java/J2EE • ECM Solutions (Content management System design  content migration from legacy systems  workflow and process related to content life cycle)
7,http//mikecoutermarsh.com https//github.com/mscoutermarsh Contact coutermarsh.mike@gmail.com @mscccc
1,I recently graduated from UIUC with a B.S. in Computer Science. I'm also the lead developer at SimpleRelevance  a TechStars Chicago Summer 2013 startup. I love Python  programming  and open source.
34,Specialties quality management  knowledge-intensive services  open innovation  entrepreneurship  knowledge management
9,I have had a very diverse experience in what I have learnt and build. Most recently  I have worked in the following areas- - building large scale distributed systems - mobile and web applications - data analytics  modelling and machine learning Before that  I worked on developing and testing circuits  and hardware for communications. My interests  in a nutshell  is to solve problems through appropriate technology- hardware  software or a combination.
16,Driven system engineer / coder / application manager. Recruiters I'll be working at Digipolis until at least December 2014  and hopefully a bit longer. So check my profile here again in November/December should you be interested in offering me new opportunities. For the moment  I'm working with Imalink and am quite pleased with them.
5,* Data Scientist with a focus on predictive modeling  machine learning techniques  statistical modeling and computing  and data visualization. Technical Skills • Statistics Predictive Modeling  Machine Learning  Data Visualization  Data Analysis  Statistical Computing  Data Mining techniques  Longitudinal Data Analysis. • Programming Proficient in R  SQL  LaTeX  Bash  Git; Familiar with Hadoop  Pig  Python  D3.js  Tableau  SAS  Matlab  Minitab  Excel  ArcGIS  HTML Mentorship * Mentor at SlideRule * Mentor at Zipfian Very honored to be mentioned as one of the ten remarkable women in analytics. "Binder Fulla Women in Analytics Episode 2" http//linkd.in/1nb83I9
115,SpecialtiesDistributed Computing  Web Application Development  Web Application Scaling  Image Metadata  Rich Internet Applications  Programming Language Internals  Optimized code including language level Optimization.
1,Currently  working on serving Paypal SDKs on multiple languages and devices  allowing service integrations to Paypal APIs to enable payments. Previously  Jay worked on Magento 2 as a Senior Software Developer  creating largest e-Commerce Shopping infrastructure product. Also  Jay worked as a Software Developer at Ebay Inc (X.Commerce). He worked on a core-infrastructure team (XFabric)  developing an asynchronous messaging system on cloud. He also participated in many other software development projects including analytics  onboarding agents  User Experience  Developer tools  etc. Technologies includes Java  MongoDB  Cloudfoundry  Spring-Data  Spring-Security  Jquery  HBase  Hive  Pentaho analytics. Specialties Java  Web Development  PHP  Computer programming  MongoDB  Spring  software development  web development. Programming Languages Java .Net  xHTML  ASP.Net  Java servlets  Jquery C  C++  C# Frameworks/Platforms Spring  Magento 2  REST  AngularJS  Hibernate  Spring DOA  Web Services. Scripting Language PHP Database Microsoft SQL  mySQL.
2,I am a technology specialist with over 20 years of experience. I specialise in technology solutions strategy  planning and implementation. My experience stems from a deep understanding of complex transactional systems for finance and e-commerce. I have worked with and led a number of multidisciplinary teams that have taken a business problem from an idea to user experience design  and finally through to build and delivery. I am also a keen advocate and practitioner of developing young minds for the IT world. I have a passion for mentoring and developing tech talent. In 2006  I founded the New Zealand Summer of Tech internship programme. The programme is currently the lead graduate acceleration programme for young IT professionals in New Zealand. Skills & capabilities Business and management expertise - Technology audits  strategy and roadmapping - Team and staff management - Project management - Product management - Resource and budgetary management and planning Technical expertise - Scalable web infrastructure design - Technology research and analysis - Web performance optimisation - Search Engine Optimisation (SEO) reviews and strategy - Geospatial technology solutions - Big data management
53,- Operating systems Unix/Linux (Sun Solaris / Irix / Red Hat / Fedora / CentOS / Debian / Slackware / Suse / Knoppix / Ubuntu ) MS-DOS  Windows (NT/2000/XP/2003)  Cisco IOS  Cisco Switching OS - Programming languages PHP  JavaScript  Python  Actionscript  C  Objective-C  Scala - API’s and techniques XML/XSL/DTD/XSD  SOAP v1.1 & v1.2  Rest - Scripting/diverse HTML  CSS  AJAX  Comet  Django  Bash - Protocols HTTP  TCP/IP  UDP  Telnet  SSH  SMTP  POP  IMAP  SSL  SIP  MPI  PVM  BGP  MPLS  ADSL  ADSL2  SDSL  DNS  LDAP · Server software Apache  Nginx  LigHTTPd  Tomcat  Postfix  Amavis  Spamassassin  SER  Asterisk  Kannel  Bacula  Flash Communication Server  Flash Media Server  PowerDNS  Bind  OpenLDAP  Windows Media Server  Real Video Server  VideoLan server solutions  VM Ware  Xen Visualization  Puppet  Hadoop  Hive  Hbase  Pig  Zookeeper   Cassandra  MongoDB. - DBMS SQL Server  Oracle  MySQL  PostgreSQL. - Networks Routing & Switching op basis van  Cisco  3Com en HP - Hardware assembly  installation and maintaining of hardware. Also embedded hardware. - Security extensive knowledge in prevention and restoration of compromised servers and software. (Hacked servers) - Data recovery retrieval of lost and hidden data.
10,My goal is to spend the first third of my life getting all the education I can  spend the second third making all the money I can  and spend the last third giving it all away for worthwhile causes.
1,Technology Evangelist & Solution Architect - Specializing in adoption & adaptation of technology solutions for different industry verticals. with specialization in Automotive  On Board Diagnostics (OBD - II)  Automotive Telematics  eTOM  ITIL  ITSSM related implementations across multiple platforms and technology stacks. Specialised in developing enterprise mobile eco-systems and IoT related cloud enabled platform solutions. Demonstrated experience across multiple technology stacks and functional verticals. Functional Competency - Automotive - On Board Diagnostics (OBD - II) - Automotive telematics - Automotive Infotainment Systems Development - eTOM - ITSSM  ITSM product development & Implementation - Managed Network Security Services (IPS / IDS  Content Filters  IP Firewalls  VPN's) - Arduino IoT application and device integration solutions - beacons  OBD - II  GPS Tracking solutions  Fitness & Health solutions using fitness bands  Home Automation Solutions  Connected car solutions  Mobile payment solutions. - Cloud Design & Deployment (OpenStack  Vmware  Parallel  Azure  AWS) - Cloud Migration (Microsoft Azure & AWS) - BI - Adhoc Reporting  Data Assimilation & Analysis  Predictive analytics (PricitiveIO and R)  Logi Info - SSO Architecture design and implementation - across OpenID  Oauth  Open Athens  Microsoft AD / ADFS / Azure AD  LDAP  SAML 2.0 - Standards compliant Open API development including RAML based API design - Mobile application development in Healthcare  Automobile  Lifestyle  Insurance  Document Management  Mobile Payments & E-wallets  Enterprise Mobility apps and LOB apps. - Data Encryption and Crypto-Analytics (Document Signing  X.509 implementations  Token based security) - Network Design  Discovery  Configuration Management & Monitoring (including SNMP  Sflow & Netflow protocols) - VoIP  SIP  IVR Solutions - Self Organizing Networks (SON) solutions with TCP  SNMP Discovery and Monitoring - Enterprise Market place solutions - Enterprise CMS
2,System Architect with experience on Scala Ruby and Rails Java(JEE Stack  JSE  Spring  Hibernate  Jboss Seam) Design Patterns Web Technologies (such as HTML  Javascript  XML  AJAX) Database Development (Oracle  SQL SERVER and MySQL) and Modeling Strong OO and system modeling knowledge Linux and Shell Script Amazon Web Services Linux system admin Specialties Systems Architecture  System and Database Modelling.
57,Application Architect with 15 years of experience in Enterprise Application design and development. Acquainted enough experience as an Application Architect  scalable application design  Performance monitoring and analyzing  having good communication skills  proficient in systems analysis and design methodologies. Specialties Having worked in IT for about 14 years  acquired good knowledge in J2EE applications as an Application Architect  Designer  Developer and Technically lead the team. More than this  I a good team player. Cloudera Certified Hadoop Developer. Sun Certified Java Developer. Brainbench Certified JEE  Java  Oracle DB
3,- 18 years of experience as IT/Business Strategy consultant. - 4 years of RD management experience in medium-sized web 2.0 business. - Ph. D. in technology and innovation management. - Online community motivating as main research interest. Primary Clients Astak Inc. San Jose  US. Expert Systems. Tokyo  Japan. REVOLUTION publishing business  Shanghai  China. Isabelle Food Production  Taichung  Taiwan. Pingfong Theatre  Taipei  Taiwan. and many others. Specialties * IT/Strategy Planning * RD Team Building * Programming Web-Based (ASP/PHP/PERL) * System Administration Linux / FreeBSD / Windows * Team members expertise includes Android/iOS development  Win32 programming (C/C++)  art design  etc. * All kinds of service begins @ US$50 per hour (and lower once become familiar with a client). Contact me for half an hour of free service Programming  server tweaking or just getting info regarding internet business.
39,A computer science graduate I have work experience of 2+ years as mainframe application support analyst with below certifications • Cleared Infosys Generic & Stream Training and Certification programme with CGPA of 4.3 out of • Cleared Infosys Mainframe Level 101 Certification • Cleared Infosys ITIL Level 101 Certification(Problem Management & Incident Management)
